setup/raspbian/README.md, before:

# RPi 4 lite image build
Before you start: for every major progress, please backup the image. It might help you later. You will anyway backup a final image, I think. For example, if you backup after GUI stuff, later you don't need to make every step if you're just changing the code. You can use dd: `sudo dd if=/dev/sda of=image_label.img bs=1M status=progress`


If you want to shrink the image
1. sudo fdisk -l raspbian-buster.img
1. check the output of the latest partition, and copy "End"
1. sudo truncate --size=$[(< copied end >+1)*512] raspbian-buster.img

## Image build and setup tutorial

1. Get most recent lite raspbian version (tested with 2019-09-26-raspbian-buster-lite.img)
1. Extend it to free some space to create a new partition
    1. If the image is smaller than 4GB, use the following command
    1. sudo dd if=/dev/zero of=raspbian-buster.img bs=1M count=2048 seek=4096 conv=fsync status=progress
    1. It extends the image 2GB from 4GB offset
    1. Now lets extend the existing rootfs partition
    1. parted raspbian-buster.img
    1. resizepart 2 5120MB
    1. quit
    1. End sector of rootfs was moved to 5120
    1. Now let's create the new partition
    1. fdisk raspbian-buster.img
    1. p
    1. You can see that the rootfs was extended
    1. n
    1. e
    1. First sector is rootfs end sector + 1
    1. Last sector is default
    1. n
    1. l
    1. default
    1. default
    1. w
1. Remove the vanilla raspbian rootfs resize to fit the size of the sdcard
    1. sudo kpartx -av raspbian-buster.img
    1. mount created loop (should be in /dev/mapper) boot partition (should be the first one) somewhere
    1. go to the mount point of boot, edit cmdline.txt and remove "init=/usr/lib/raspi-config/init_resize.sh"
    1. sudo resize2fs /dev/mapper/<device of rootfs partition, should be the second one>
    1. unmount
    1. sudo kpartx -dv raspbian-buster.img
1. Burn it (tested with Etcher)
1. Boot. login "pi:raspberry".
1. Regional settings
    1. sudo raspi-config
    1. "Localisation options" to set timezone "Lisbon", keyboard layout, and add a locale "pt_PT.UTF-8 UTF-8". Keep the default one  
    1. "Network options" if you don't already have an internet connection. If using wifi don't forget to set location
1. Lets make sure the image and the Rpi firmware is up to date. It is recommended to run these commands in a fresh sd card image when you get a new Rpi
    1. sudo apt-get update
    1. sudo apt-get install vim (it is an essential tool)
    1. sudo apt-get upgrade
    1. sudo apt-get dist-upgrade
    1. sudo rpi-update
    1. sudo rpi-eeprom-update
    1. sudo reboot
1. Login again, let's take care of the GUI and other dependencies
    1. sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends xserver-xorg xinput x11-xserver-utils libxss1
    1. sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends lightdm
    1. sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends openbox
    1. sudo apt-get install chromium-browser (needed for npm package puppeteer)
    1. sudo apt-get install cups libcups2-dev libcupsimage2 libcupsimage2-dev (needed for npm package @thiagoelg/node-printer)
    1. sudo raspi-config
    1. Boot Boot Options -> Desktop/CLI -> boot to GUI without password
    1. Boot Options -> Wait for Network at Boot -> no
    1. sudo reboot
1. cd ~
1. Somehow, clone mik-printer repo (I did it with an imported ssh key to github)
    1. Choose your printer and run the script inside the printers folder
    1. cd ~/mik-printer/setup/raspbian
    1. sudo ./crontab.sh
    1. ./electron.sh
    1. export PATH=${PATH}:/home/pi/node-v10.11.0-linux-armv7l/bin
    1. sudo ./screen.sh
    1. sudo ./networking.sh
    1. cd ~/mik-printer
    1. PUPPETEER_SKIP_CHROMIUM_DOWNLOAD=true npm i --production
1. cd ~
1. Somehow, clone mik-dispenser
    1. cd mik-dispenser
    1. npm run electron_install
1. cd ~
1. Lets take care of systemd application management
    1. cd mik-printer/setup/raspbian
    1. sudo ./systemd.sh (this is silent and might take a while). Please add the required arguments to "mik-printer.service" "ExecStart" so the printer is correctly defined
1. Lets clean things up
    1. cd ~
    1. rm -rf mik-printer
    1. rm -rf mik-dispenser
    1. rm -rf node-v10.11.0-linux-armv7l
1. Let's create the home partition
    1. see partitions with sudo fdisk -l
    1. sudo mkfs.ext4 /dev/<the logical partition, should be the last one>
    1. sudo mkdir /mnt/pi
    1. sudo mount /dev/<the logical partition> /mnt/pi
    1. sudo chown 1000.1000 /mnt/pi
    1. cp -rp /home/pi /mnt/
    1. sudo vim /etc/fstab
    1. insert in last line "/dev/<the logical partition> /home/pi ext4    rw,user,auto,exec 0       0"
    1. sudo umount /mnt/pi
    1. reboot
1. Somehow clone root-ro
    1. cd root-ro/utils
    1. sudo ./mount_utils.sh
    1. cd ..
    1. sudo ./install.sh
1. Done, reboot

Commit message:

Change readme and scripts to be compatible with new Moviik app image

setup/raspbian/README.md, after:

# RPi 4 lite image build
Before you start: for every major progress, please backup the image. It might help you later. You will anyway backup a final image, I think. For example, if you backup after GUI stuff, later you don't need to make every step if you're just changing the code. You can use dd: `sudo dd if=/dev/sda of=image_label.img bs=1M status=progress`


If you want to shrink the image
1. sudo fdisk -l raspbian-buster.img
1. check the output of the latest partition, and copy "End"
1. sudo truncate --size=$[(< copied end >+1)*512] raspbian-buster.img

## Image build and setup tutorial

1. Get most recent lite raspbian version (tested with 2019-09-26-raspbian-buster-lite.img)
1. Extend it to free some space to create a new partition
    1. If the image is smaller than 4GB, use the following command
    1. sudo dd if=/dev/zero of=raspbian-buster.img bs=1M count=2048 seek=4096 conv=fsync status=progress
    1. It extends the image 2GB from 4GB offset
    1. Now lets extend the existing rootfs partition
    1. parted raspbian-buster.img
    1. resizepart 2 5120MB
    1. quit
    1. End sector of rootfs was moved to 5120
    1. Now let's create the new partition
    1. fdisk raspbian-buster.img
    1. p
    1. You can see that the rootfs was extended
    1. n
    1. e
    1. First sector is rootfs end sector + 1
    1. Last sector is default
    1. n
    1. l
    1. default
    1. default
    1. w
1. Remove the vanilla raspbian rootfs resize to fit the size of the sdcard
    1. sudo kpartx -av raspbian-buster.img
    1. mount created loop (should be in /dev/mapper) boot partition (should be the first one) somewhere
    1. go to the mount point of boot, edit cmdline.txt and remove "init=/usr/lib/raspi-config/init_resize.sh"
    1. sudo resize2fs /dev/mapper/<device of rootfs partition, should be the second one>
    1. unmount
    1. sudo kpartx -dv raspbian-buster.img
1. Burn it (tested with Etcher)
1. Boot. login "pi:raspberry".
1. Regional settings
    1. sudo raspi-config
    1. "Localisation options" to set timezone "Lisbon", keyboard layout, and add a locale "pt_PT.UTF-8 UTF-8". Keep the default one  
    1. "Network options" if you don't already have an internet connection. If using wifi don't forget to set location
1. Lets make sure the image and the Rpi firmware is up to date. It is recommended to run these commands in a fresh sd card image when you get a new Rpi
    1. sudo apt-get update
    1. sudo apt-get install vim (it is an essential tool)
    1. sudo apt-get upgrade
    1. sudo apt-get dist-upgrade
    1. sudo rpi-update
    1. sudo rpi-eeprom-update
    1. sudo reboot
1. Login again, let's take care of the GUI and other dependencies
    1. sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends xserver-xorg xinput x11-xserver-utils libxss1
    1. sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends lightdm
    1. sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends openbox
    1. sudo apt-get install chromium-browser (needed for npm package puppeteer)
    1. sudo apt-get install cups libcups2-dev libcupsimage2 libcupsimage2-dev (needed for npm package @thiagoelg/node-printer)
    1. sudo raspi-config
    1. Boot Boot Options -> Desktop/CLI -> boot to GUI without password
    1. Boot Options -> Wait for Network at Boot -> no
    1. sudo reboot
1. cd ~
1. Somehow, clone mik-printer repo (I did it with an imported ssh key to github)
    1. Choose your printer and run the script inside the printers folder
    1. cd ~/mik-printer/setup/raspbian
    1. sudo ./crontab.sh
    1. ./electron.sh
    1. Download node here: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v10.11.0/node-v10.11.0-linux-armv7l.tar.gz
    1. extract to /home/pi 
    1. export PATH=${PATH}:/home/pi/node-v10.11.0-linux-armv7l/bin
    1. sudo ./screen.sh
    1. sudo ./networking.sh
    1. cd ~/mik-printer
    1. PUPPETEER_SKIP_CHROMIUM_DOWNLOAD=true npm i --production
1. cd ~
1. Get Moviik dispenser image (its important to look at what is the build (arm, amd, etc))
    1. Put on /usr/local/bin
    1. chmod a+x Name of image
1. Lets take care of systemd application management
    1. cd mik-printer/setup/raspbian
    1. sudo ./systemd.sh (this is silent and might take a while). Please add the required arguments to "mik-printer.service" "ExecStart" so the printer is correctly defined
1. Lets clean things up
    1. cd ~
    1. rm -rf mik-printer
    1. rm -rf node-v10.11.0-linux-armv7l
1. Let's create the home partition
    1. see partitions with sudo fdisk -l
    1. sudo mkfs.ext4 /dev/<the logical partition, should be the last one>
    1. sudo mkdir /mnt/pi
    1. sudo mount /dev/<the logical partition> /mnt/pi
    1. sudo chown 1000.1000 /mnt/pi
    1. cp -rp /home/pi /mnt/
    1. sudo vim /etc/fstab
    1. insert in last line "/dev/<the logical partition> /home/pi ext4    rw,user,auto,exec 0       0"
    1. sudo umount /mnt/pi
    1. reboot
1. Somehow clone root-ro
    1. cd root-ro/utils
    1. sudo ./mount_utils.sh
    1. cd ..
    1. sudo ./install.sh
1. Done, reboot
